docs: add DEP docs (#567)
medibloc/panacea-core: .gitbook/1-users/3-data-exchange/2-provide-data.md

When the verification is completed, you can get a data certificate that includes the oracle's signature.
The certificate form is like below:
```json
{
  "unsigned_certificate" : {
    "cid" : "{ipfs-cid}",
    "unique_id" : "{oracle-unique-id}",
    "oracle_address" : "{oracle-address}",
    "deal_id": <deal-id>,
    "provider_address" : "{your-address}",
    "data_hash" : "{data-hash}"
  },
  "signature" : "{oracle-signature}"
}
```
Now you can use this certificate in the next step.

## Submit consent

Broadcast the following `submit-consent` transaction with the certificate from oracle and agreements of terms for data provision.

**consent.json**

```json
{
  "deal_id": <deal-id>,
  "certificate": {
    ...
  },
  "agreements": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "agreement": true
    }
  ]
}
```

```bash
panacead submit-consent ${consent-file-path} \
  --from ${data-provider-addr} \
  --chain-id ${chain-id} \
  --gas auto --gas-adjustment 1.30 --gas-prices 5umed \
  --node ${chain-node-rpc-addr}
```

After you submit consent, Panacea verifies the certificate and checks the status of the deal. 

> When the verification is completed, Panacea makes the data accessible to consumers and transmitts rewards to you.

Reviewer: The "transmitts rewards" part is a bit ambiguous. It is clear that when the transaction is completed, Panacea will ensure that the reward is automatically paid from the consumer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the verification is completed, Panacea makes the data accessible to the data consumers and automatically transfers rewards to you.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe above might be better? @audtlr24

Reviewer: Thanks, it looks more clear.
